how long we've known each other chin I
ever break a promise to you I will put
you in the driver's seat
Philemon just shut your mouth and let me
do my thing
all right morning Shelby war in Mali
[ __ ] yours
now go to hell
and that's it folks Ferrari wins to 24
hours of LaVon for the fifth consecutive
year
mr. Ford Ferrari has a message for you
sir what did they say she said for it
makes ugly little cars and ugly
factories and God you fat sir we're
gonna bury Ferrari at LeMond so the
great cowl Shelby is gonna build a car
to beat Ferrari with a forward correct
and how long did you tell them you
needed two or three hundred years 90
days who hates guys like us because we
different we heard he's difficult ken no
no Ken's a puppy dog
[Music]
and soulful there's a problem the
computer will find out you get some
scotch tape and a ball of wool what are
they doing making your car faster
and miles it's not for that we're on the
verge of something and now you tell me
that I can't have the best man in the
world behind the wheel give me one
reason why I don't fire everyone
starting with you well sir the lighter
work faster and that don't work for
nastier
go ahead girl go to war high risk I
thought the whole point was to win the
top race
[Applause]
if this were a beauty pageant
we just lost looks aren't everything
what if an app could tell you how long
before you die our phones have become
essential apps keep track of our
schedules our Fitness our love lives but
what if an app could tell you how long I
got 63 years 57 years before you died
would you want to know this app it's
fake obviously my girlfriend said the
same thing I knew that app said she was
gonna die whatever is happening to us I
think it's because this digging in your
phone a new phone new number who service
[Music]
anything else I can help you with No
[Applause]
the countdown app it's really just a
random number with a clock it's not that
scary
but it seems like it worked on YouTube
clowns this must be everyone that
downloaded the app she downloaded it all
we need to do is beat the clock by one
second you ever done anything like this
before no but I've read about it a lot
this is a fate much worse than death in
pursuing you come with me don't
overwhelm you until you're utterly
destroyed you are you calling my name
[Music]
there's this kid he didn't think he
could cut it I forget it was just the
usual jitters I take him under my wing
he was wanting to be scared
Pearl Harbor is the greatest
intelligence failure in American history
this can never happen again
I want to make it right
at least some of the boys still want to
fight
the Japanese are planning something
bigger so what's the target
we believe it's Midway Washington
disagrees Washington is wrong if we lose
and Japanese on the west coast
Seattle San Francisco Los Angeles
[Music]
Oh burn
we got the order to launch we need to
throw a punch so they know what it feels
like to be hit
we're talking about a couple dozen plane
it's all Japanese sleep
this isn't a fair fight
ladies man
anywhere
you know that you came to
when people are counting money
you'll be able to face anything
I have been haunted my entire life
looking for beauty in the new science is
changing and the very people who are
running science are the people who
believe the world is flat I'm gonna
prove them wrong
I've discovered a new element you change
the world
numbers ask you please to leave my
laboratory if my science doesn't speak
for itself
then you have gravely misunderstood it
[Music]
you threw us down in the water
the ripples you can't control
I want to believe the world is full of
light not darkness
you
[Music]
are we having a super fun time on our
trip to Pleasant Valley farm
[Applause]
[Music]
must be something in the way
warning this movie contains flesh-eating
zombies assault with a deadly guitar
strong language firearms disembowelment
death metal for nutria on the boxes and
Academy Award winner Lupita Nyong'o
it might be a little much for everyone
[Music]
little monsters
you